I guess, thanks for coming to the audit. Thanks for having me. It's a pleasure to be here. I am very delighted that we will now talk about the understanding of the needs and expectations of interested parties. Would you happen to know who your interested parties are? Yeah. Mhm. You know, I'm not 100% sure. Like I know for sure that we are working with two other companies. One of them is our bank and then the other one is our bank. delivery company, but I'm not sure if there are anybody else that's included there. Okay. But wouldn't you think that the expectations of your interested parties is more than just the two companies that you're working with, that other people are also involved in your company? Couldn't you think of anybody else? Or do you have any documents that would describe who your interested parties are? I know for sure we have some documentation. The only reason why I'm not sure personally is because I am only required to work with those two. That's why I was comfortable mentioning them. I can try to find the document, but I'm not 100% sure. Mhm. where to look for it. Do you mind if I like look for it now or is that something? You could look for it for a minute or two. If it takes half an hour, that would be too long. So, um... Okay. Yeah. I can ask a colleague really quick, but yeah, I think, let me see if I can find it. K. Okay, I think maybe it's going to take a little bit longer. Yeah. Well, okay. So bottom line is for this very moment of our audit, you cannot provide me with the documentation for that. And you're not quite sure whether you understand the importance of the needs of interested parties. So I do believe that there needs to be some training for your person. Mhm. Mm. Mhm. Mhm. And we need to look into your actually your system and your role in the system, what needs to be retrained. So we will make this now a minor nonconformity. Why a minor? Because you need to understand the importance of the interested parties because you Mhm. Okay. Okay. for instance, are an interested party yourself. You yourself want to know that the company is doing well, as well as the neighbors, because they might be impacted by any kind of traffic, what's coming into the company and going out, your supplier, as you mentioned. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mmh. There are so many different interested parties and you need to understand the entire network that you're sitting in. So this is why we would, that's why we would make this a minor nonconformity. I see, okay. Okay. And then if I manage or if my colleague can get back to me about the documentation, like will that help resolve it or is there other things that are required for that too? Mhm. Well, it would be wonderful if your colleague could give you the documentation if we have this available for the company. And at the same time, we would really strongly recommend for you to be trained in this topic that you understand what the exact network of this company is. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Well, thank you. And we'll take that, make note of it. Thank you so much. Thank you. ### Speaker1