Well, thank you for having me for the ISO 9001 2015 in the fields of management, where our topic currently is planning of changes. I understand that you have a new CRM that is supposed to be going live within the next three, four months. I would like Mhm. Mhm. To see your training records for that, do you have a training plan? Yeah, so we have a pretty extensive training plan. We have been working with outside experts who are, well, they're responsible for the CRM tool that we're going to be adopting in the next couple months. And this is Their plan? But I see that this plan is starting in five months and yet you want to implement the system in three to four months. So having the training after you implement the system is not really going to be very helpful. So has anyone looked over the plan regarding the date? Mhm. Well, I mean, our thought was that we just need like one or two people who can, who know how to use the system in the beginning and that we would do the main training for the rest of the people like later on, especially because the availability for our specialists is Mhm. limited. So that's why we scheduled it like that. But yeah, I mean. Mhm. And who are the one or two people that are going to be trained immediately? I can't see them on the plan. So they're right here are my colleagues, Sasha and Svetlana. They are, well, they've been leading the team for the CRM management. So because they Mm. Mhm. already have extensive experience with CRM management and have been working closely or have been leading the team, we thought that it would be most impactful to have them to be trained in the beginning before we expand with the rest of the team. Mhm. Makes sense, and you have two specialists, but I see that Sasha is pregnant, so how much longer does she have? So far, it looks like she's going to have at least 3 1/2 months if everything goes well. So there's... Okay. But then Sasha, who's going to be the specialist, is going to be gone once you implement the CRM and she can't be the one training the others. So my suggestion is that we have a potential for improvement here that you either use a larger group of people that are being trained before Mm. Okay. Mhm. or you actually can reconsider your plan altogether in order to ensure that your CRM is going to be installed properly. Okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah, I'll have a conversation with some of my colleagues about that and see what we can come up with. How would you like that stuff communicated then? Just within? Okay. If we do a potential for improvement, then you give us a situation on what it is now, what your decisions were, and how to go on in the future, and then we'll take it from there. Mhm. Okay, okay, sounds good. Yep, thank you. ### Speaker1