Really sure like how I can help you here, but like, yeah, feel free to ask me some questions. Well, as you know, we currently are performing our ISO 9001-2015 audit at our plant here, and the middle management, I have been told, is planning some major changes in regards to your computer system, and I was wondering. M.H.M. If you could give me an overview of what your plans are, who's involved, and how this topic is going along, so would you mind telling me about the changes that you're planning? Well, I mean, I'll be honest here, I don't have that much information for this, which has been a source of frustration for me too. I do know that we're changing the CMS that we're supposed to be using for our website, I guess, or something like that. Yeah. Or maybe they're also using it for like... M-H-M. Retail or whatever, yeah, I mean, this was dumped on me like two weeks ago, so right now I don't really have like a team that's available for this. As far as I know, this is going to be implemented like in like three or four months, but again, like nobody has made it clear to me what's going to be done or like who needs to like know what's happening. It's really been a source of frustration for me. MHM. But yeah. Completely understandable, but you've been told that this major change has taken up, is going to be carried out. Did they tell you who informed you about this change? My supervisor mentioned it in email, which is pretty typical of them, and they only like really said like, "Hey, we're switching systems." Can you start getting prepared for that, but then kind of like didn't go beyond that? Okay, okay, okay, aha, so the actual potential consequences have not been explained to you? Yeah, I mean, I don't even know why we're switching. Like, as far as I know, the one that the system we're using now has been working fine. I don't think we've been having too many issues with it. So I don't really understand why we're making this decision. MHM, MHM, but you are the one that is supposed to be responsible to do this major change. Is that what I understand? Okay, apparently. So you say this change. You don't understand why this is taking place. You don't have any resources for that. So I assume you don't have any. Yeah, apparently, MHM. Kind of a, a map, any any plan on when which gate has to be made? You don't have any any? Not really, I mean, you know, I have like a general plan whenever we need to implement things. Like we have a sort of general structure for how to implement certain things, but like, it's not specific to this kind of a change. So I would have to adapt it. Like I said, I only recently heard about this and I've been swamped. MHM. With all of my other work, so it hasn't been a priority for me. I think also, you know, because my supervisor has only sent me one email. I've been trying to kind of wait until I hear more. But yeah. MHM. MHM. MHM. But you, at the same time, you know that this is supposed to be implemented within the next three months. Three. Four months. Yeah, well, you know, I'm kind of waiting to see how that pans out because I don't see that happening realistically. I think I'm going to both, you know, if somebody comes down to me to complain about why this isn't happening, I'm going to show the lack of instruction. Okay. And kind of go with that because... MHM, MMH. There's not much else. I've asked for more information, but have been denied, so it's been really annoying. Okay, well, I would like to say that this is a major nonconformity within our audit that we're taking place right now, due to the fact that there is a planning of a major change, yet the actual setting up of the major change is not known, M. M. H. M. MHM. It is not sure that we can actually implement this within the next three, four months. So my assessment would be a major nonconformity, which would also give you a chance of talking to your supervisor, because then you have to solve this issue within the next three, four weeks in order to continue with your... MHM, yeah. ESO 9001. Well, I mean... Maybe they'll finally give me some answers and I'll have some push to get that information. So no problem for me. Yeah, yeah, you definitely will have a push with the major. You will definitely have a push with the major. Okay, okay, let's go to the next topic. Okay, yeah, that's good. Okay, thanks. Thank you speaker one.