Really sure like can help you here, but yeah, feel free to ask me some questions. Well, as you know, we're currently are performing or ISO 901 2015 or did Arc clarity here. And the middle Management I have been to Is planning some major changes and regards to your computer system. And I was wondering any exam if you could give me an overview of what your plans are, who is involved and how this topic is going along. So would you mind telling me about the changes that you're planning? Well, I mean, I'll be honest here. I don't have that much information for this, which has been a source of frustration for me too. I do know that we have changing the CMS that were supposed to be using for our website, I guess, or something like that. Yeah. Oh, maybe there also using it for life. HM retail, whatever. Yeah. I mean, this was dumped on me like two weeks ago. So right now, I don't really have like a team thats available for this. As far as I know, this is going to be implemented, like and like free or formats. But again, Like, nobody has made it clear to me once again to be done or like who needs to live? No, what's happening? It's really being a source of frustration. Fury amen. But yeah, completely understandable. But you've been told that this major changes taken up Is going to be carried out. Did they tell you who informed you about this change? My supervise mentioned in an email, which is pretty typ really said life? Hey, we switching systems. Can you stop getting prepared for But then kind of life didn't go beyond that. Okay. Okay. So the actual potential consequences have not been explained to you. Yeah. I mean, I don't even know why we switching like, as far as I know, The one that the system where using now has been working fine. I don't think we've been having two many issues with it. So I don't really understand why we are making this decision Am, but you are the one that is supposed to be responsible to do this major change Is that what I Understein? Okay. Appearedly. So you say this change, you don't understand why this is taking place. You don't have any resources for that. So I assume you don't have any. Yeah, apparently makes him kind of a Any any plan on when which Gate has to be mad? You don't have any any, Not really. I mean, you know, I have like the general plan whenever we need to implemented things like we have a salt of general structure for how to implement certain things, but light, it's not specific to this kind of a chain. So I would have that, like I said, I only recently heard about this, and I've been swed machan with all of my other word. So it hasn't been a priority for me, I think so. you know, because my supervisor has only sent me one email I've been trying to kind of wait until I am all, but yeah, MHM, MHM, MHM. But you at the same time, you know that this is supposed to be implemented within the next three months. Three, four months. Yeah. Well, you know, I'm kind of waiting to see how that pens out, because I don't see that happening. realistically, I think I'm going to work. You know, if somebody comes down to me to complaint about why this isn't happening, I'm going to show the lack of instruction. Okay. And kind of go with that. because am MMH There's not much else. I asked for more information but have been denied. So it's been really annoying is a major nonconformity within audit that we're taking place right now due to the fact that there is a planning of the major change Yadi actual setting up of the major changes not known. And hey, it is not sure that we can actually implement this within the next three, four months. So my assessment would be a major nonconformity, which would also give you a chance of talking to your supervisor. Because then you have to solve this issue within the next three, four weeks in order to continue with your am. Yeah. He's so 901. Well, I mean, maybe male finally give me some answers and all have some together information. So problem for me. Yeah. Yeah. You definitely will have a push with the major. You will definitely have a push with the major. Okay. Okay. Let's go to the next topic. Okay. Yeah. That's good. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Speaker, one